include dark

auto-reload                               yes
reload-threads                            30
reload-time                               15
refresh-on-startup                        yes
display-article-progress                  yes
goto-next-feed                            yes
show-read-articles                        no
show-read-feeds                           no
text-width                                72
confirm-mark-feed-read                    no
confirm-mark-all-feeds-read               no
delete-read-articles-on-quit              yes
goto-next-feed                            yes
openbrowser-and-mark-jumps-to-next-unread yes
browser                                   "open -g -a 'Google Chrome' %u"
wrap-scroll                               yes
bookmark-autopilot                        yes
datetime-format                           "%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S"

ignore-mode "download"
ignore-article "*" "title =~ \"Windows\"")
ignore-article "*" "title =~ \"League\"")
ignore-article "*" "title =~ \"Football\"")
ignore-article "*" "title =~ \"Soccer\"")
#ignore-article "https://feed/url1" "content =~ \"tele(phone|communications)\""

